“The more honest you are, the more open, the less fear you will have, because there's no anxiety about being exposed or revealed to others.” - Dalai Lama XIV (Tenzin Gyatso)
“Questions you cannot answer are usually far better for you than answers you cannot question.” - Yuval Noah Harari, 21 Lessons for the 21st Century
“Your beliefs become your thoughts. Your thoughts become your words. Your words become your actions. Your actions become your habits. Your habits become your values. Your values become your destiny.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“Look for people who have lots of great questions. Smart people are the ones who ask the most thoughtful questions, as opposed to thinking they have all the answers. Great questions are a much better indicator of future success than great answers.” - Ray Dalio, Principles: Life and Work
“Character strengths that matter so much to young people’s success are not innate; they don’t appear in us magically, as a result of good luck or good genes. And they are not simply a choice. They are rooted in brain chemistry, and they are molded, in measurable and predictable ways, by the environment in which children grow” - Paul Tough, How Children Succeed
“You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems.” - James Clear, Atomic Habits
“It’s a lot more than mind over matter. It takes relentless self discipline to schedule suffering into your day, every day.” - David Goggins
“It is well and good to opine or theorize about a subject, as humankind is wont to do, but when moral posturing is replaced by an honest assessment of the data, the result is often a new, surprising insight.” - Steven Levitt, Freakonomics
"If parents want to give their children a gift, the best thing they can do is to teach their children to love challenges, be intrigued by mistakes, enjoy effort, and keep on learning. That way, their children don’t have to be slaves of praise. They will have a lifelong way to build and repair their own confidence." - Carol Dweck
"School, politics, sports, and games train us to compete against others. True rewards — wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity — come from ignoring others and improving ourselves.” - Naval Ravikant
"We who do the thinking, do the learning." - adapted from Chris Boerdom
"Life inflicts the same setbacks and tragedies on the optimist as on the pessimist, but the optimist weathers them better." - Martin Seligman
“Who you are is defined by what you’re willing to struggle for.” ― Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck
“If you’re not failing, you’re not pushing your limits, and if you’re not pushing your limits, you’re not maximizing your potential” - Ray Dalio, Principles: Life and Work
"Our virtues and our failures are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.” – Nikola Tesla
“Our acts can be no wiser than our thoughts.” - George S Clason, Richest Man in Babylon
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle.” - Steve Jobs
“Perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages.” ― George Washington
“Any fool can criticize, complain, and condemn — and most fools do. But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving.” - Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People
“When a thoughtless or unkind word is spoken, best tune out. Reacting in anger or annoyance will not advance one’s ability to persuade.” ― Ruth Bader Ginsburg, My Own Words
“Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.” ― Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson
“Compassion is not religious business, it is human business, it is not luxury, it is essential for our own peace and mental stability, it is essential for human survival.” - Dalai Lama XIV (Tenzin Gyatso)
“The most valuable businesses of coming decades will be built by entrepreneurs who seek to empower people rather than try to make them obsolete.” - Peter Thiel, Zero to One
"What is the ultimate quantification of success? For me, it's not how much time you spend doing what you love. It's how little time you spend doing what you hate." - Casey Neistat
“The easiest way to increase happiness is to control your use of time. Can you find more time to do the things you enjoy doing?” - Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow
“What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do.” - Timothy Ferriss, The 4-Hour Workweek
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any." — Alice Walker
“We all have tremendous potential, and we all are blessed with gifts. Yet, the one thing that holds all of us back is some degree of self-doubt. It is not so much the lack of technical information that holds us back, but more the lack of self-confidence.” - Robert Kiyosaki, Rich Dad, Poor Dad
“The person who can freely acknowledge that life is full of difficulties can be free, because they are acknowledging the nature of life - that it can't be much else.” - Shunryu Suzuki, Zen mind, Beginner's Mind
“The confidence that individuals have in their beliefs depends mostly on the quality of the story they can tell about what they see, even if they see little.” - Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow
“Humans think in stories rather than in facts, numbers, or equations, and the simpler the story, the better.” - Yuval Noah Harari, 21 Lessons for the 21st Century
“Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.” ― George Orwell, 1984
“We cannot solve problems with the same thinking we used to create them.” – Albert Einstein
“Success is a function of persistence and doggedness and the willingness to work hard for twenty-two minutes to make sense of something that most people would give up on after thirty seconds.” - Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success
“It is not happiness that makes us grateful, it’s gratefulness that makes us happy.” - Dalai Lama XVI (Tenzin Gyatso), the Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World
“Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become. No single instance will transform your beliefs, but as the votes build up, so does the evidence of your new identity.” - James Clear, Atomic Habits
"Caring for myself is not a self-indulgence, it is self-preservation, and that is an act of political warfare." – Audre Lorde, A Burst of Light
“[T]here is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.” - Herman Melville, Moby Dick
“One believes things because one has been conditioned to believe them.” - Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
“A reliable way to make people believe in falsehoods is frequent repetition, because familiarity is not easily distinguished from truth. Authoritarian institutions and marketers have always known this fact.” - Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow
“Show respect to all people, but grovel to none.” – Chief Tecumseh
“Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.” ― Isaac Asimov, Foundation
“No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.” - Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom
"My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we’ll change the world." - Jack Layton
“A feminist is anyone who recognizes the equality and full humanity of women and men.” ― Gloria Steinem
"“You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.” - Maya Angelou
“It won’t always go your way, so you can’t get trapped in this idea that just because you’ve imagined a possibility for yourself that you somehow deserve it.” - David Goggins
“The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.” - Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich
"You must unlearn the habit of being someone else or nothing at all, of imitating the voices of others and mistaking the faces of others for your own." - Hermann Hesse
"Instead of buying your children all the things you never had, you should teach them all the things you were never taught. Material wears out but knowledge stays." - Bruce Lee
“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." - Benjamin Franklin
"How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives." - Annie Dillard
"Live your life not celebrating victories, but overcoming defeats." - Che Guevara
“Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.” - Christian Louis Lange
"A joyful spirit it evidence of a grateful heart." - Maya Angelou
“What I've come to learn is that the world is never saved in grand messianic gestures, but in the simple accumulation of gentle, soft, almost invisible acts of compassion.” Chris Abani, GraceLand
“For everything that reminds me of who I am, there's always something reminding me of who I'm not.” ― Veera Hiranandani, The Whole Story of Half a Girl
"Naysayers have little power over us - unless we give it to them." - Arianna Huffington, Naysayers
“Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.” ― Emma Watson
"Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced." — James Baldwin
"Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develope your strengths. When you go through hardship and decide not to surrender, that is strength." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Remember that the storm is a good opportunity for the pine and the cypress to show their strength and stability." - Ho Chi Minh
"Always stand on principle even if you stand alone" - John Adams
"Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
